Crypto doc fixes (#988)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_security/doc/driver_config.rst

To enable a PSA driver, set the following configurations:

+---------------+--------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------+
| PSA driver    | Configuration option                             | Notes                                               |
+===============+==================================================+=====================================================+

> | nrf_cc3xx     | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_CC3XX` | Only on nRF52840, nRF91 series, and nRF5340 devices |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nrf_cc3xx     | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_CC3XX` | Only on nRF52840, nRF91 Series, and nRF5340 devices |
```

Author: Fixed

   * The :ref:`nrf_security_drivers_cc3xx` is limited to AES key sizes of 128 bits on devices with Arm CryptoCell cc310.

Key derivation
**************

> To enable key derivation support, set one or more of the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer: How do I know if I need more than one?

Author: They support multiple algorithm. Any one of them set will enable key derivation by enabling any of the given algorithms

+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

> | Key derivation    | Configuration option                                  |

Author: Same comment. We can change to "algorithm"

> | Key derivation    | Configuration option                                  |

Author: New proposal uploaded

+===================+=======================================================+
| HKDF              | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_HKDF`            |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| TLS 1.2 PRF       | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_TLS12_PRF`       |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+
| TLS 1.2 PSK to MS | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_TLS12_PSK_TO_MS` |
+-------------------+-------------------------------------------------------+

Key derivation driver configurations
====================================

You can use the following Kconfig options for fine-grained control over which drivers provide key derivation support:

+-------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Key derivation    | nrf_cc3xx driver support | nrf_oberon driver support                                             |

Author: We can perhaps change this to "algorithm". "Function" has many usages in software development, and isn't as accurate. The algorithm may require you to run multiple functions for its operation

+===================+==========================+==========================================+============================+
| HKDF              | Not supported            | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_HKDF_OBERON`            |
+-------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| TLS 1.2 PRF       | Not supported            | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_TLS12_PRF_OBERON`       |
+-------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| TLS 1.2 PSK to MS | Not supported            | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_TLS12_PSK_TO_MS_OBERON` |
+-------------------+--------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::

>    * If a key derivation algorithm is enabled and no PSA driver enables or supports it, :ref:`nrf_security_drivers_builtin` support is enabled and used.

Reviewer: 'Is enabled' would imply it happens automatically?

Author: This is correct

>    * If a key derivation algorithm is enabled and no PSA driver enables or supports it, :ref:`nrf_security_drivers_builtin` support is enabled and used.

Reviewer 2: I see that I am suggesting a change that will make this part be different from how it's written in other parts of the file... So, I'll leave it up to you :)

>    * If a key derivation algorithm is enabled and no PSA driver enables or supports it, :ref:`nrf_security_drivers_builtin` support is enabled and used.

Reviewer 2: You removed it completely now?
I am ok with that if you are ok :)
My other point was that there is no need of having one single bullet point in a note, then a note should be enough itself.
When you have several bullet points, then it's ok :)

>    * If a key derivation algorithm is enabled and no PSA driver enables or supports it, :ref:`nrf_security_drivers_builtin` support is enabled and used.

Author: Yes. This is for the Oberon PSA core addition. This is to not have to have an additional PR for a fairly minor commit

+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+

RNG configurations
******************

To enable PRNG seeded by entropy (also known as TRNG), set one or more of the following configurations:

+---------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| PRNG algorithms           | Configuration option                            |
+===========================+=================================================+
| CTR_DRBG                  | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_CTR_DRBG`  |
+---------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+
| HMAC_DRBG                 | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_HMAC_DRBG` |
+---------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+

.. note::
   * Both PRNG algorithms are NIST qualified Cryptographically Secure Pseudo Random Number Generators (CSPRNG).
   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_CTR_DRBG` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_WANT_ALG_HMAC_DRBG` are custom configurations not described by the PSA Crypto specification.

>    * If multiple PRNG algorithms are enabled at the same time, CTR_DRBG will be priortized for random number generation through the frontend APIs for PSA crypto.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If multiple PRNG algorithms are enabled at the same time, CTR_DRBG will be prioritized for random number generation through the frontend APIs for PSA crypto.
```

Author: Fixed

>    * If multiple PRNG algorithms are enabled at the same time, CTR_DRBG will be prioritized for random number generation through the frontend APIs for PSA crypto.

Author: Fixed

RNG driver configurations
*************************

> There aren't any public configurations for entropy and PRNG algorithm support and the choice of drivers that provide support is automatic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no public configurations for entropy and PRNG algorithm support. The choice of drivers that provide support is automatic.
```

Author: Fixed

> The PSA drivers using the Arm CryptoCell peripheral is enabled by default for nRF52840, nRF91 series, and nRF5340 devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PSA drivers using the Arm CryptoCell peripheral is enabled by default for nRF52840, nRF91 Series, and nRF5340 devices.
```

Author: Fixed

> For devices without a hardware accelerated cryptographic engine, entropy is provided from nRF RNG periperal and PRNG support is provided by Oberon PSA driver implemented using software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For devices without a hardware-accelerated cryptographic engine, entropy is provided by the nRF RNG peripheral. PRNG support is provided by the Oberon PSA driver implemented using software.
```

I'm not really sure how to parse the 'driver implemented using software'. Is the driver implemented through software?

Author: Adjusted the text according to your proposals

With regards to your comment on "driver implementing software":
PRNG could be provided either by hardware or by software. The PSA Crypto drivers are normally written to give access to hardware accelerated cryptography instead of builtin software in Mbed TLS deliverable. the Oberon PSA crypto driver is implemented in software, which bears mentioning.

Reviewer: OK, I adjusted my suggestion to make the clause structure a little clearer.

Author: Updated to your latest proposal, which is much clearer!

Fixed

+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| RSA PKCS#1 v1.5 crypt | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_RSA_PKCS1V15_CRYPT_CC3XX`  | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_RSA_PKCS1V15_CRYPT_OBERON  |
+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| RSA PKCS#1 v1.5 sign  | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_RSA_PKCS1V15_SIGN_CC3XX`   | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_RSA_PKCS1V15_SIGN_OBERON   |
+-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| RSA PSS               | Not supported                                                            | :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PSA_CRYPTO_DRIVER_ALG_RSA_PSS_OBERON             |

> +-----------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: Oberon entries look like they're missing a second backtick.

Author: Fixed
